hey you guys welcome back to my channel
and today I'm here with my long-awaited
skincare routine that everyone has been
asking me about I've seen your deals
I've seen your snaps and here we go so
I'm starting off with my V no makeup
remover wipes and even when I don't wear
makeup I still use this on my face right
from the jump because like I work out
and then just quit sweating and going
throughout the day just removes that
dirt it creates a clean base before you
start with your cleanser and then I'm
going in with my glam glow power
cleanser and I absolutely love this
cleanser so it's a combination of mud
and oil and the two works so well
together
so at first I hid it gleamed in the
product but the key to glam glow is that
you have to find what works for your
skin so this one is really great for
normal to combination skin and it works
really well
now if you wear like wigs and you
usually got to be detail please try it
lightly because it will take up the gel
as you can see I couldn't you never
trailer
and I'm just taking my Clarisonic which
I use all the time even when I'm not
doing a mass but what I love so much
about the Clarisonic is it exfoliates my
skin for me and I think the Clarisonic
feels a better job and exfoliating
versus exfoliating products if that
makes sense
so I love to use this before mask
because it's buffing the way that dead
skin and creating that clean clean base
that the mask eat so it can penetrate my
skin and really do its job
[Music]
just going in and or wiping away with
that cleansers
[Music]
and then I'm going in with my glam glow
super mud masks and I absolutely love
this mask like I love it it works so
well with drawing out the impurities in
your skin tightening your pores and all
that now
I typically only lose this once maybe
twice depending on if I'm wearing makeup
in a week I usually don't wear makeup
during the week so I can get away with
using it once a week and I usually these
don't Sunday I start the week off with a
lean of face but I love it the only
reason I'm using it again is because I
have a pimple coming in and then I also
have ingrown hairs coming in on my chin
because I'm she-wolf and I grow here
than those oddest places but this works
great for those good causes so if you
get ingrown hairs because you get wax
then this mass is gonna help soften that
skin so it can come through and your
girl can do what she needs to do and
pluck away that hair and it's also going
to draw it's gonna dry out that pimple
so it goes away a lot quicker so I
probably won't have it coming early but
I love this mess
you're gonna see as it dries it's gonna
dry out
those impurities that charcoal is a
great activator
in it like a key ingredient because it
just me makes all the dirt and
everything gravitate towards it so I can
come out of your seat and we're just
gonna wait usually wait about ten
minutes I usually just wait until it all
give hard and dry and slow
[Music]
and as you can see I use this two days
ago so I don't really have anything
coming out but like all I know is you
see like native gods and that's like
that indication that the mask is working
is drawing out your gun
okay
[Music]
and then I'm going in with my kills
ultra facial toner and this is for all
skin types
I am not picky when it comes to told her
I just need one and this one works
perfectly for me so I use literally the
same or toner over but I can tell the
difference in my t-zone and I don't eat
it too much either
so if I'm not using heels I'm using
which I I'm not picky I'm not I'm not a
big toner person so
and then I'm going in with my feels
ultra facial pain which I love this
moisturizer and then the key to my face
is I take the masalas volvo elixir and
the cures midnight recovery and i mix
them in my moisturizer so for everyone
asking me how are just in so glowy how
is it so Dulli like what you do you
stand that's a clue to my skincare
routine is both tools because just
because even if you have all these
fingers in still these oils so I mix
those two my moisturizer so when I sleep
at night all it does is seep into my
skin so when I wake up in the morning
[Music]
but the oils are also really good for
like wrinkles moisturizing soothing and
get it right and rid of blemishes so
that is if you guys let them TV
[Music]